Update docs on publishing process (#167)
primap-community/climate_categories: CONTRIBUTING.rst

A reminder for the maintainers on how to deploy.

> 1 Run ``tbump``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run ``tbump``
```
to be consistent with the other headlines

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  commit all your changes
-  make sure `gh`_ is installed on your system
-  Decide what the new version number should be
-  For version X.Y.Z - increase X for a major release, increase Y when breaking changes are introduced, increase Z for minor changes

> -  Run ``venv/bin/tbump X.Y.Z`` if you don’t have tbump installed globally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Run ``venv/bin/tbump X.Y.Z``
```
Using the `tbump` in the venv is always correct, otherwise it might be an old version which isn't compatible with our config.

.. _gh: https://cli.github.com/

2. Update the README
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
-  Run ``make README.rst`` to update the citation information in the README from the zenodo API.

> -  Check if the version is actually correct. You can look at the diff for the README and check if the citation info and the date has changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Check if the version is actually correct. You can look at the diff for the README and check if the DOI and the date has changed
```

-  If it's not updated, grab a tea and wait a little more for zenodo to mint the new version.
-  Once it's there, push new README to github

3. Publish on PyPi
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  make sure you have a pypi account
-  make sure you have the rights to publish on pypi, if not ask a
   project owner to add you
-  create a file called ``.pypirc`` in your home directory, more info on the pypirc file `here`_
-  Write the following text in the file:

.. _here: https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/specifications/pypirc/

::

   [distutils]
     index-servers =
       climate-categories

   [climate-categories]
     repository = https://upload.pypi.org/legacy/
     username = __token__
     password = pypi-PASSWORD

> -  change the password to your personal password (you need to create a new token in your pypi account)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  change the password to your personal token. You can generate the token on the `settings page of climate_categories on pypi <https://pypi.org/manage/project/climate-categories/settings/>`_.
```
